QUICKSTART.md, before:

# GEO Platform - Quick Start Guide

## Prerequisites

1. **Node.js 18+** installed
2. **Cloudflare account** with Workers and D1 enabled
3. **OpenAI API key** with access to Responses API

## Setup Steps

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Create D1 Database

```bash
npm run db:create
```

This will output a database ID. Copy it.

### 3. Update Configuration

Edit `wrangler.toml`:

```toml
[[d1_databases]]
binding = "DB"
database_name = "geo-db"
database_id = "YOUR_DATABASE_ID_HERE"  # Paste the ID from step 2
```

### 4. Set Environment Variables

Create a `.dev.vars` file (for local development):

```
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key-here
MAX_PAGES=50
MAX_DEPTH=3
RE_RUN_SCHEDULE=weekly
```

For production, set these in Cloudflare Workers dashboard.

### 5. Run Migrations

```bash
npm run db:migrate
```

### 6. Test Locally

```bash
npm run dev
```

The worker will start on `http://localhost:8787`

### 7. Run Tests

```bash
npm test
```

## First Analysis

### Using cURL

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8787/api/analyze \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "websiteUrl": "https://example.com",
    "country": "US",
    "language": "en"
  }'
```

Response:
```json
{
  "runId": "run_1234567890_abc123",
  "status": "started",
  "message": "Analysis started successfully"
}
```

### Get Results

```bash
curl http://localhost:8787/api/analysis/run_1234567890_abc123
```

### Get Metrics Only

```bash
curl http://localhost:8787/api/analysis/run_1234567890_abc123/metrics
```

## Deployment

### Deploy to Cloudflare

```bash
npm run deploy
```

### Set Production Environment Variables

In Cloudflare Workers dashboard:
1. Go to your worker
2. Settings → Variables
3. Add:
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
   - `MAX_PAGES`
   - `MAX_DEPTH`
   - `RE_RUN_SCHEDULE`

## Understanding Results

### Category Metrics

Each category has:
- **Visibility Score** (0-100): Overall brand visibility
- **Citation Rate**: Avg citations per prompt
- **Brand Mention Rate**: % of prompts with brand mentions
- **Competitor Mention Rate**: % of prompts with competitors

### Competitive Analysis

- **Brand Share**: Your % of total mentions
- **Competitor Shares**: Individual competitor percentages
- **White Space Topics**: Opportunities (no dominant brand)
- **Dominated Prompts**: Where competitors win
- **Missing Brand Prompts**: Where you're not mentioned

### Time Series

Track changes over time:
- Visibility score trends
- Citation growth/decline
- Brand vs competitor share changes

## Common Issues

### Database Not Found

- Ensure `database_id` is set in `wrangler.toml`
- Run `npm run db:migrate` again

### OpenAI API Errors

- Check API key is set correctly
- Verify you have access to Responses API
- Check rate limits

### Crawling Fails

- Website may block crawlers
- Check `MAX_PAGES` and `MAX_DEPTH` settings
- Verify website is publicly accessible

## Next Steps

1. **Customize Categories**: Edit `src/categorization/index.ts`
2. **Add Languages**: Edit `src/prompt_generation/index.ts`
3. **Adjust Analysis**: Modify `src/analysis/` modules
4. **Set Up Monitoring**: Add logging/error tracking
5. **Schedule Re-runs**: Use Cloudflare Cron Triggers

## Support

See `README.md` for full documentation and `ARCHITECTURE.md` for system design.

Commit message:

Add debug mode functionality to streamline development and testing. Introduce DEBUG_MODE environment variable to return dummy values instead of making API calls, enhancing cost efficiency during development. Update configuration and workflow to support dummy responses for prompts and LLM execution.

QUICKSTART.md, after:

# GEO Platform - Quick Start Guide

## Prerequisites

1. **Node.js 18+** installed
2. **Cloudflare account** with Workers and D1 enabled
3. **OpenAI API key** with access to Responses API

## Setup Steps

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Create D1 Database

```bash
npm run db:create
```

This will output a database ID. Copy it.

### 3. Update Configuration

Edit `wrangler.toml`:

```toml
[[d1_databases]]
binding = "DB"
database_name = "geo-db"
database_id = "YOUR_DATABASE_ID_HERE"  # Paste the ID from step 2
```

### 4. Set Environment Variables

Create a `.dev.vars` file (for local development):

```
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key-here
MAX_PAGES=50
MAX_DEPTH=3
RE_RUN_SCHEDULE=weekly
DEBUG_MODE=true
```

**Debug Mode**: Set `DEBUG_MODE=true` to use dummy values instead of making API calls. This saves costs during development and testing. In debug mode:
- No OpenAI API calls are made
- Dummy LLM responses are returned
- Dummy prompts are generated
- All analysis still works with the dummy data

For production, set these in Cloudflare Workers dashboard.

### 5. Run Migrations

```bash
npm run db:migrate
```

### 6. Test Locally

```bash
npm run dev
```

The worker will start on `http://localhost:8787`

### 7. Run Tests

```bash
npm test
```

## First Analysis

### Using cURL

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8787/api/analyze \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "websiteUrl": "https://example.com",
    "country": "US",
    "language": "en"
  }'
```

Response:
```json
{
  "runId": "run_1234567890_abc123",
  "status": "started",
  "message": "Analysis started successfully"
}
```

### Get Results

```bash
curl http://localhost:8787/api/analysis/run_1234567890_abc123
```

### Get Metrics Only

```bash
curl http://localhost:8787/api/analysis/run_1234567890_abc123/metrics
```

## Deployment

### Deploy to Cloudflare

```bash
npm run deploy
```

### Set Production Environment Variables

In Cloudflare Workers dashboard:
1. Go to your worker
2. Settings → Variables
3. Add:
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
   - `MAX_PAGES`
   - `MAX_DEPTH`
   - `RE_RUN_SCHEDULE`

## Understanding Results

### Category Metrics

Each category has:
- **Visibility Score** (0-100): Overall brand visibility
- **Citation Rate**: Avg citations per prompt
- **Brand Mention Rate**: % of prompts with brand mentions
- **Competitor Mention Rate**: % of prompts with competitors

### Competitive Analysis

- **Brand Share**: Your % of total mentions
- **Competitor Shares**: Individual competitor percentages
- **White Space Topics**: Opportunities (no dominant brand)
- **Dominated Prompts**: Where competitors win
- **Missing Brand Prompts**: Where you're not mentioned

### Time Series

Track changes over time:
- Visibility score trends
- Citation growth/decline
- Brand vs competitor share changes

## Common Issues

### Database Not Found

- Ensure `database_id` is set in `wrangler.toml`
- Run `npm run db:migrate` again

### OpenAI API Errors

- Check API key is set correctly
- Verify you have access to Responses API
- Check rate limits

### Crawling Fails

- Website may block crawlers
- Check `MAX_PAGES` and `MAX_DEPTH` settings
- Verify website is publicly accessible

## Next Steps

1. **Customize Categories**: Edit `src/categorization/index.ts`
2. **Add Languages**: Edit `src/prompt_generation/index.ts`
3. **Adjust Analysis**: Modify `src/analysis/` modules
4. **Set Up Monitoring**: Add logging/error tracking
5. **Schedule Re-runs**: Use Cloudflare Cron Triggers

## Support

See `README.md` for full documentation and `ARCHITECTURE.md` for system design.
